

Open Communications Systems & Weed Storage Rack Cabinet

With high quality steel and aluminum components, this rack cabinet has been
optimized to deliver peak performance and reliability in any type of
application environment. The sides, doors and top can be removed from the
outside in seconds for unequalled accessibility to your weed. Also, it has
a TV.


2001 Hyundai Jose Canseco Special Edition Elantra GLS

This sophisticated automotive powerhouse is both daring and sporty. Just
like Jose! It has a down-to-earth, practical character. Just like Jose!
From the gold glove-plated wheels to the super HOT racing stripe designed
by the slugger himself, this Elantra reeks of MVP style!


The Bear Chairｮ

Stay warm on those cold nights with your very own Bear Chairｮ, from Jumbly
Park. Fashioned from a majestic 9'6", 550 pound brown grizzly, the Bear
Chairｮ combines the durability of North Virginian craftsmanship with the
comfort and coziness only a dead bear can provide.


Do-It-Yourself Butcher Kit

Your days of paying too much for meat are over. Your Do-It-Yourself Butcher
Kit includes a 32-inch Scottish sword, K-40 stainless-steel pistol and a
three-week-old practice piglet. (Not to be used on stray cats.)


The Kiddy Cage

Your affordable alternative to baby-sitting has arrived. Rest easy knowing
your valuables are perfectly safe from the clumsy hands of children while
you're away. With a 48-hour feeder and water supply, perhaps it's time for
a special weekend away from the kids. Hmm?


The Pet Partner Human Litter Box

The time you spend with your pet is priceless. But when nature calls, those
moments you're forced to spend apart can be painful and traumatic. With The
Pet Partner, a human-sized version of your cat's litter box, the loving
never has to stop. Never.


Toyota Pigtruck

A V-6 powerful enough to handle the heaviest of loads. Enough torque to
tackle the toughest of terrains. And the cargo space you've been looking
for to haul 4 wild Australian hogs. Never before has a truck offered so
much in the way of pig carcass transport. Oh, what a feeling.



The Diana Ross Pissjar

This is the only pissjar in America endorsed by pop/soul superstar Diana
Ross. It was fashioned from the finest glass and painstakingly crafted by
some of the world's leading pissjar artisans. A certificate of authenticity
and a six-day warranty are included. Great for extended road trips!




The Original Giant Inflatable Polar Bear


This 90 foot-tall, anatomically correct polar bear will be the perfect
addition to your garden or landscape. Just imagine how impressed your
neighbors will be when they first notice those giant, jet-black eyes
staring into their bedrooms.



The Six-Person Sleeping Bag

Say goodbye to camping as you know it. This comfortable, spacious 12x8 ft.
sleeping bag will keep everyone in your camp warm, cozy and in great
spirits. Who says exploring has to be limited to the woods? Hmm?



The Stickｮ

Stuck behind a desk all day? No time to enjoy the great outdoors? Now  you
can bring the great outdoors indoors to your office or cubicle with The
Stickｮ. Made out of 100% pure wood, you will soon be enjoying nature,
without wasting valuable time or energy outdoors.



The Emergency Tornado Kit

Every day, hundreds of thousands of people are blown away by one of the
world's fiercest acts of nature-the tornado. But now, your life will be
spared. When the deadly winds start blowing, simply attach your leg to the
2000-pound anvil. You're not going anywhere, girlfriend.